armory/README.md, before:

# armory
This application was generated using JHipster 4.10.2, you can find documentation and help at [http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2](http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./gradlew


For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

### Using angular-cli

You can also use [Angular CLI][] to generate some custom client code.

For example, the following command:

    ng generate component my-component

will generate few files:

    create src/main/webapp/app/my-component/my-component.component.html
    create src/main/webapp/app/my-component/my-component.component.ts
    update src/main/webapp/app/app.module.ts

### Doing API-First development using swagger-codegen

[Swagger-Codegen]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:
Then implements the generated interfaces with `@RestController` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the armory application for production, run:

    ./gradlew -Pprod clean bootRepackage

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar build/libs/*.war


Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test
### Other tests

Performance tests are run by [Gatling][] and written in Scala. They're located in [src/test/gatling](src/test/gatling) and can be run with:

    ./gradlew gatlingRun

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./gradlew bootRepackage -Pprod buildDocker

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: http://www.jhipster.tech
[JHipster 4.10.2 archive]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2
[Doing microservices with JHipster]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/microservices-architecture/
[Using JHipster in development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/development/
[Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/production/
[Running tests page]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/setting-up-ci/

[Gatling]: http://gatling.io/
[Swagger-Codegen]: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
[Swagger-Editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[Doing API-First development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/doing-api-first-development/

Commit message:

Catch up
Start of the day

armory/README.md, after:

# armory
This application was generated using JHipster 4.10.2, you can find documentation and help at [http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2](http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2).

This is a "microservice" application intended to be part of a microservice architecture, please refer to the [Doing microservices with JHipster][] page of the documentation for more information.

This application is configured for Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry. On launch, it will refuse to start if it is not able to connect to the JHipster-Registry at [http://localhost:8761](http://localhost:8761). For more information, read our documentation on [Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry][].

## Development

To start your application in the dev profile, simply run:

    ./gradlew


For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

## Building and running a Docker image of your application
To create a Docker image of your application, and push it into your Docker registry:

With Gradle, type: 

    ./gradlew bootRepackage -Pprod buildDocker

This will package your application with the prod profile, and install the image.

On Windows, due to lack of named pipes, you may have to tune settings for Docker and turn on “Expose daemon on tcp://localhost:2375 without TLS”.

To run this image, use the Docker Compose configuration located in the src/main/docker folder of your application:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up

This command will start up your application and the services it relies on (database, search engine, JHipster Registry…).

### Using angular-cli

You can also use [Angular CLI][] to generate some custom client code.

For example, the following command:

    ng generate component my-component

will generate few files:

    create src/main/webapp/app/my-component/my-component.component.html
    create src/main/webapp/app/my-component/my-component.component.ts
    update src/main/webapp/app/app.module.ts

### Doing API-First development using swagger-codegen

[Swagger-Codegen]() is configured for this application. You can generate API code from the `src/main/resources/swagger/api.yml` definition file by running:
Then implements the generated interfaces with `@RestController` classes.

To edit the `api.yml` definition file, you can use a tool such as [Swagger-Editor](). Start a local instance of the swagger-editor using docker by running: `docker-compose -f src/main/docker/swagger-editor.yml up -d`. The editor will then be reachable at [http://localhost:7742](http://localhost:7742).

Refer to [Doing API-First development][] for more details.

## Building for production

To optimize the armory application for production, run:

    ./gradlew -Pprod clean bootRepackage

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar build/libs/*.war


Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./gradlew test
### Other tests

Performance tests are run by [Gatling][] and written in Scala. They're located in [src/test/gatling](src/test/gatling) and can be run with:

    ./gradlew gatlingRun

For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the [src/main/docker](src/main/docker) folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./gradlew bootRepackage -Pprod buildDocker

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`jhipster docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To configure CI for your project, run the ci-cd sub-generator (`jhipster ci-cd`), this will let you generate configuration files for a number of Continuous Integration systems. Consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page for more information.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: http://www.jhipster.tech
[JHipster 4.10.2 archive]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2
[Doing microservices with JHipster]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/microservices-architecture/
[Using JHipster in development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/development/
[Service Discovery and Configuration with the JHipster-Registry]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/microservices-architecture/#jhipster-registry
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/production/
[Running tests page]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/setting-up-ci/

[Gatling]: http://gatling.io/
[Swagger-Codegen]: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen
[Swagger-Editor]: http://editor.swagger.io
[Doing API-First development]: http://www.jhipster.tech/documentation-archive/v4.10.2/doing-api-first-development/
